welcome to Brand investigation today
we're comparing the top health insurance
brands in India let's now explore the
top four recommended health insurance
Brands including star health insurance
Care Health Insurance ICICI Lombard
health insurance HDFC elbow health
insurance let's we see the comparison
let's begin by looking at the specific
product name for each brand star Health
offers the comprehensive plan care
brings you the care plan ICICI Lombard
has ey health and HDFC Alo provides
optimal secure now let's talk about
about claim settlement ratios this
metric shows how effectively each
company settles claims star Health has a
settlement ratio of 82% Care Health is
at 90% ICICI Lombard offers 85% while
HDFC Elbo leads with an impressive 98%
next up is the volume of complaints this
reflects customer satisfaction and
service quality star Health and Care
Health have around 29 to 30 complaints
ICI Lombard is at 7.85 and HDFC elbow
has the lowest ad just seven complaints
now let's consider Hospital network
coverage star Health connects you to
over 14,000 hospitals across India Care
Health leads with 16,000 plus hospitals
ICI Lombard has 7,500 plus and HDFC
elbow provides access to 11,500 plus
hospitals let's look at the co-payment
terms star Health and Care Health have
no co- payment for most ages but require
10% and 20% respectively for those above
61 ICI Lombard and HDFC algo have no co-
payment at any age let's look at the
diseases sublimit which restricts the
amount you can claim for certain
conditions plans with no sublimit offer
more flexibility for specific illnesses
star health and ICICI Lombard have a
sublimit while Care Health and HDFC Alo
do not next the pre-existing condition
waiting period determines how long you
need to wait before existing conditions
are covered shorter periods are ideal
star Health Care Health and HDFC Argo
have a three-year waiting period while
ICICI Lombard offers a shorter 2-year
period pre and post hospitalization
coverage helps with expenses before and
after a hospital stay plans with longer
periods provide more financial
protection star Health covers 60 days
before and 90 days after hospitalization
Care Health and ICI Lombard cover 30
days before and 60 days after HDFC algo
provides the most with 60 days pre and
180 days post hospitalization
domiciliary treatment means receiving
Medical Care at home if you cannot be
hospitalized this feature is especially
useful in specific situations star
Health Care Health and HDFC Alo offer
this option while ICI Lombard does not
maternity coverage is essential for
families planning children covering
pregnancy and delivery related expenses
after a certain waiting period star
Health offers up to 200,000 rupees after
a 2-year waiting period Care Health
provides up to 100,000 rupees after 2
years while ICICI Lombard and HDFC ELO
do not offer maternity
coverage let's start with health
checkups an essential feature for
preventive care many plans offer free
yearly checkups all four Brands star
Health Care Health ICI Lombard and HDFC
herbo provide a free health checkup once
a year aush treatment includes
alternative therapies like ayurveda yoga
yunani sidha and Homeopathy coverage
here offers flexibility in treatment
options sta Health Care Health and ICICI
Lombard cover iush treatments but HDFC
herbo does not next is OPD consultation
coverage which helps with costs for
outpatient visits and medical
consultations star Health provides OPD
coverage up to 1,200 rupees with a 300
rupee limit per consultation Care Health
ICI Lombard and HDFC Argo do not offer
OPD coverage room rent capping specifi
is the type of room you can choose
during hospitalization which can impact
your comfort and cost star Health and
Care Health allows single private rooms
ICI lard and HDFC elgo allow any room
without specific restrictions finally we
have the no claim bonus a reward for
claim free years that increases your
coverage amount over time star health
and HDFC elow offer a 50% bonus each
year up to 100% Care Health and ICI
lombar provide a 10% bonus per year up
to 50%
let's take a look at customer ratings
from trusted sources star health
insurance holds Good fourstar rating
Care Health Insurance holds Good
fourstar rating ICICI Lombard health
insurance average 3.5 star rating and
HDFC Argo health insurance holds
excellent 4.5 star rating is concluded
from customers who rated in trusted
sources thanks for watching don't forget
to like comment and subscribe to our
channel for more awesome reviews
oh
[Music]
so
n
[Music]
[Applause]
so
[Music]
oh
[Applause]
[Music]
so
oh
[Music]